v1.0.0-rc.8 release (#6632)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 1.0.0-rc.8](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc.8) - 2023-05-10

> This release adds end of support feature which will make `zebrad` binary to halt after the support time of 16 weeks has passed.

Reviewer: This could be a surprising change for some users, so we might want to explain that it's the same as what `zcashd` does.

```suggestion
Starting in this release, Zebra has implemented an "end of support" halt. Just like `zcashd`, the `zebrad` binary will stop running 16 weeks after the last release date.
```

Also, this release adds the ZIP-317 rules to mempool transactions which should help with the Zcash network spam issue.

### Security

> - Add a template for private security issues ([#6594](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6594))

Reviewer: Nitpick: This isn't relevant to users: it is a ticket template that's only for Zebra developers to use.

```suggestion
```

- Avoid inbound service overloads and fix failing tests ([#6537](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6537))
- Avoid a rare panic when a connection is dropped ([#6566](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6566))
- Avoid some self-connection nonce removal attacks ([#6410](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6410))
- Reject nodes using ZClassic ports, and warn if configured with those ports ([#6567](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6567))

### Added

- Add ZIP-317 rules to mempool ([#6556](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6556))
- Add user agent argument to zebra-network crate ([#6601](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6601))
- Refuse to run zebrad when release is too old ([#6351](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6351))

### Fixed

- Handle randomness generation and invalid random values as errors in cryptographic code ([#6385](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6385))

> - Fix `listen_addr` default deserialization ([#6575](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6575))

Reviewer: This is the impact that users will see:
```suggestion
- When configured for testnet, automatically use the correct testnet listener port ([#6575](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6575))
```

> - Avoid wrong test results for modified JoinSplits ([#6604](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6604))

Reviewer: Nitpick: This might not be relevant to users: it's a test that users don't see.
```suggestion
```
